I'm a happy bluebird, sober as can be. Clear cold water is the drink for me. A little drink here and a little drink there
Still keeps seeing my temperance air. Oh, don't deny it, better, better try it Clear cold water from the spring below. Better, better try it, better, better try it Try sir, try sir, do
Soon after I was married I went to an inn. Very long time I tarried a drinking of gin Till I filled my sister and clear up to the brim. Crying, oh, how can I?
And oh, how shall I?
And how shall I ever get home?
In some parts of the world it is called a disgrace For the road to fly up and hit a man in the face But still I kept on in my staggering pace.
Crying, oh, how can I?
And oh, how shall I?
And how shall I ever get home?
At last I got home and got up to the door And I kicked and I stomped and I cut and I swore For my wife to get up and open the door Crying, oh, how can I?
And oh, how shall I?
And how shall I ever get home?
At last she got up and opened the door And the first step I took I fell sprawled in the floor.
and that wakened the baby and he began to roar, crying oh how can I? And oh how shall I? And how shall I ever get home?
I picked myself up and got into the hall and sat down with my face around next to the wall and my much abused wife began for to bawl, crying oh how can I? And oh how shall I? And how shall I ever get home?
I then made a lunge and got into the bed, and a very truthful thought came into my head, that the drinking of whiskey would kill me stone dead, crying, oh, how can I? And oh, how shall I? And how shall I ever get home?